Release 0.5.0 (#839)
publiccodenet/standard: README.md

We are preparing it for a version 1.0 release.
Currently, we are testing it on a small number of codebases.

> ## Applying the Standard for Public Code on your codebase

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Applying the Standard for Public Code to your codebase
```

If you want to apply the Standard for Public Code to your codebase, just go ahead, it's an open standard and free for anyone to use.

> To see how ready your codebase is, you can do a quick [eligibility self assessment](https://publiccodenet.github.io/assessment-eligibility) that will give you some rough expectations on how much work you may need to do to meet all criteria.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To see how ready your codebase is, you can do a quick [eligibility self assessment](https://publiccodenet.github.io/assessment-eligibility) that will give you a rough idea of how much work you may need to do to meet all criteria.
```

> The standard *should* be mostly self-explanatory in how to apply it on your codebase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The standard *should* be mostly self-explanatory in how to apply it to your codebase.
```

> If anything in the standard is unclear, we encourage you to open an issue here so that we can help you and everyone else who feel the same as you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If anything in the standard is unclear, we encourage you to open an issue here so that we can help you and anyone else who feels the same as you.
```

> For inspiration, look at the [Community built implementation guide](https://publiccodenet.github.io/community-implementation-guide-standard/) which contains examples and other tips.

Reviewer: The hyperlink text doesn't match the title, hence it's odd to capitalize 'Community'. Instead, the whole hyperlink text can just be a description.
```suggestion
For inspiration, look at the [community built implementation guide](https://publiccodenet.github.io/community-implementation-guide-standard/) which contains examples and other tips.
```

> If there are any breaking changes in a new version of the Standard for Public Code, the codebase stewards at the Foundation for Public Code will help any implementors of the standard understand how the gaps can be closed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If there are any breaking changes in a new version of the Standard for Public Code, the codebase stewards at the Foundation for Public Code will help any implementers of the standard understand how the gaps can be closed.
```

> If there are any breaking changes in a new version of the Standard for Public Code, the codebase stewards at the Foundation for Public Code will help any implementors of the standard to understand how the gaps can be closed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If there are any breaking changes in a new version of the Standard for Public Code, the codebase stewards at the Foundation for Public Code will help any implementors of the standard understand how the gaps can be closed.
```
